README.md, before:

# Numpy Image Preview

Numpy Image Preview is a Visual Studio Code extension that allows you to preview in image and inspect NumPy (.npy) data files directly within the VS Code environment.

## Features

- **Npy File Preview**: Open any .npy file in your workspace and the extension will display the file's metadata and visualize the data either an RGBA image or a grayscale image.
- **Metadata Display**: The extension shows the shape, data type, and value bound of the NumPy array stored in the .npy file.
- **Batch Data Support**: You can easily slide the index bar to check any single image in your batched data.
- **Dimension / Layout Semantics Mapping**: Eliminate guesswork with customizable dimension semantics. Easily toggle between layouts like BCHW and BHWC to ensure your .npy data is interpreted exactly as intended.

## Usage

Open any .npy file in your VS Code workspace, then you will see the image view of it!

## Contributing

We welcome contributions to the **Numpy Image Viewer** extension! If you encounter any issues or have ideas for new features, please feel free to open an issue or submit a pull request on the [project's GitHub repository](https://github.com/Kiameow/NumpyImagePreview).

If you find this extension helpful, please share it or star the repository, which means a lot to me. Thanks.

## License

This extension is licensed under the [MIT License](LICENSE).

Commit message:

feat: add manually selecting start index of channel to support situation that channels may have mask information.

README.md, after:

# Numpy Image Preview

Numpy Image Preview is a Visual Studio Code extension that allows you to preview in image and inspect NumPy (.npy) data files directly within the VS Code environment.

## Features

- **Npy File Preview**: Open any .npy file in your workspace and the extension will display the file's metadata and visualize the data either an RGBA image or a grayscale image.
- **Metadata Display**: The extension shows the shape and data type.
- **Batch Data Support**: You can easily slide the index bar to check any single image in your batched data.
- **Dimension / Layout Semantics Mapping**: Eliminate guesswork with customizable dimension semantics. Easily toggle between layouts like BCHW and BHWC to ensure your .npy data is interpreted exactly as intended.
- **Channel Slice Selection**: The .npy file may contain multiple channels with mask data stacked together. You can manually specify the starting channel index to preview the desired image channels.

## Screenshot
![demo1](images/demo1.png)

## Usage

Open any .npy file in your VS Code workspace, then you will see the image view of it!

## Contributing

We welcome contributions to the **Numpy Image Viewer** extension! If you encounter any issues or have ideas for new features, please feel free to open an issue or submit a pull request on the [project's GitHub repository](https://github.com/Kiameow/NumpyImagePreview).

If you find this extension helpful, please share it or star the repository, which means a lot to me. Thanks.

## License

This extension is licensed under the [MIT License](LICENSE).
